We define one single "Starstream VM" circuit.

The ISA is specific to Starstream.
The ISA is designed so that translating WASM to it is trivial (O(n) time O(log n) space roughly).

There is roughly one instruction per WASM instruction,
except all control flow is expressed in terms of unconditional and conditional jumps.

The only type supported is i32, meaning that all kinds of references in WASM aren't supported
for now. Function references can be translated to numerical indices into an explicit function
table, but isn't part of the circuit.

The design mimicks the out-of-circuit naive ledger implementation.

The proof represents a "trace" of the VM, where "UTXOs" are executed in parallel,
where there is one per input, and one per newly created UTXO, which may become an output,
or discarded within the same transaction.

No hashes are ever used in-circuit. The verifier (possibly another circuit) must
map each hash present in the context to a unique numerical ID, e.g.
channel names, WASM module hashes, and so on.

The circuit expects the following lookup tables:
- Code table (big table with code generated by translation)
- Entry point table (mapping of UTXO index to location of entry point within code table)
- Trace table (trace of what the transaction does)
- Instruction tables a la Jolt

The circuit expects the following read-write memories:
- WASM linear memory (interleaved)
- WASM stack (interleaved)
- WASM locals (interleaved)
- Owned channels (interleaved)
- Next pc (interleaved)
- Next sp (interleaved)
- Next locals pointer (lp) (interleaved)
- UTXO states
- UTXO state values
- Unowned channels
- UTXO inputs/outputs (interleaved)
- Current UTXO output offset
- Current UTXO input size

The circuit has the following IO:
- number of utxos
- utxo index (0 is invalid, n means UTXO n-1)
- next free channel index
- pc
- sp
- lp
- tp (trace pointer)

The VM can broadly either execute an instruction, if we are inside
a UTXO, or perform a transaction-level action.
The transaction-level actions are the same as what the ledger implementation has,
except there is another one to "enter" a UTXO, after it's either been suspended,
or after a pending channel operation has been processed.
The witness operation is also implicit, and is handled by just having a witness in the proof.
